IPAddressToInterface REST API endpoint (#4428)
nautobot/nautobot: nautobot/docs/user-guide/administration/upgrading/from-v1/ipam/for-developers.md

| Model/Endpoint | Removed Field   | Comments                                                     |
| :------------- | :-------------- | :----------------------------------------------------------- |

> | IPAddress      | assigned_object | Changed to many-to-many field. Use `IPAddressToInterface`(/api/dcim/ip-address-to-interface/) instead. |

Author: ```suggestion
| IPAddress      | assigned_object | Changed to many-to-many field. Use the REST API view for `IPAddressToInterface`(/api/dcim/ip-address-to-interface/) to create/modify/delete associations or `interfaces`/`vm_interfaces` on this model to retrieve a list of associated interfaces. |
```
